grandfather
Rong
Stop sending people to investigate the doctor who did the surgery
So it looks like the surgery failed.
Yes
The words of despair were drawn out by our people
Not pregnant.
But we don't know.
Why did that doctor disappear for no reason?
Go out first
Loyalty
Now the only healthy mirror is gone
You can't see what you're good at.
Chang'an
How is the dish?
As expected of a photographer
It's so beautiful.
Who would be your girlfriend?
Will be very happy
Is it Muli?
Although we haven't known each other for long
But I want to invite you to dinner in the Aegean this week
I have something to tell you.
Joanne, I'm not actually called Purpose at all
I am the illegitimate son of the Rong family
I'll tell you everything tomorrow.
I hope you don't dislike me.
Joanne, I'm sorry.
I missed my appointment today
I will never let you go this time
Isn't your child already aborted?
Why are you still retching?